Client support ui5 library (#3267)
SAP/luigi: client-frameworks-support/client-support-ui5/src/README.md

# Luigi Client UI5 Support Library
​
The Luigi Client UI5 Support Library offers a set [features](#features) which make it easier to use the [Luigi micro frontend framework](https://luigi-project.io/) with UI5 applications. 
​
## How to use the library 
​
1. Import the library in your `package.json` file:
```javascript
npm install @luigi-project/client-support-ui5
```
​
2. Once the library is imported and saved in your UI5 application, you need to add `ComponentSupport` to the `index.html` as well as to allow the `data-sap-ui-frameOptions`.
```javascript
<script id="sap-ui-bootstrap" src="resources/sap-ui-core.js" data-sap-ui-resourceroots='{

> 				"com.sap.luigiclient": "./"

Reviewer: Maybe we don't call the demoapp `com.sap.luigiclient` - this may confuse the consumers

Author: sth like luigi.ui5-demoapp

			}' data-sap-ui-oninit="module:sap/ui/core/ComponentSupport" data-sap-ui-compatVersion="edge"
		data-sap-ui-async="true" data-sap-ui-frameOptions="allow" data-sap-ui-theme="sap_horizon"
		data-sap-ui-xx-waitForTheme="true" data-sap-ui-xx-supportedLanguages="en,de">
		</script>
```

3. In the last step you need to register the library in your `Component.js` file:
```javascript
sap.ui.define([
	"sap/ui/core/UIComponent",
    ....

> 	"luigiclient/lib/LuigiClient",

Reviewer 2: `"luigiclient/lib/LuigiClient",`

does LuigiClient refer to the **LuigiClient.js** file inside lib folder ? I can assume the published package name is different.

Author: 👍 thx
Changed to `@luigi-project/client-support-ui5/ui5-support-lib`

> 	"@luigi-project/client-support-ui5/ui5-support-lib",

Reviewer: Here we need to also explain how this can be imported - using the UI5 tooling or by including the built variant in the project

```javascript
<Button
    text="{$luigiCtx>/<CONTEXT_PROPERTY_KEY>}"/>
```
​
### Auto routing
​
With the auto routing feature, we provide an easy way of synchronizing UI5 application routes with Luigi navigation. In the `routes` definition of the manifest file, you can add these attributes in the `data` object:
​
```javascript
{
    "pattern": "",
    "name": "products",
    "target": "products",
    "data": {
        "luigiRoute": "/app1/products"
    }
},
{
    "pattern": "settings/userSettings/developer",
    "name": "developer",
    "target": "developer",
    "data": {
        "fromContext": "usersettings",
        "luigiRoute": "developer"
    }
},
{
    "pattern": "settings",
    "name": "settings",
    "target": "settings",
    "data": {
        "fromVirtualTreeRoot": true
    }
},
{
    "pattern": "products/{productId}/sites/{siteId}",
    "name": "site",
    "target": "site",
    "data": {
        "fromVirtualTreeRoot": {
            "truncate": "*/sites"
        }
    }
}
```
​
If data `"data": {"luigiRoute": "/app1/products"}` is defined on a route, Luigi Client will be called with:
```javascript
    luigiClient.linkManager().withoutSync().navigate(data.luigiRoute);
```

> with `data: { fromVirtualTreeRoot: true }`, Luigi Client API can be used in this way:

Author: 👍

# Luigi Client UI5 Support Library
​
The Luigi Client UI5 Support Library offers a set [features](#features) which make it easier to use the [Luigi micro frontend framework](https://luigi-project.io/) with UI5 applications. 
​
## How to use the library

> As a first step you need to add `ComponentSupport` to the `index.html` as well as to allow the `data-sap-ui-frameOptions`.
> ```javascript
> <script id="sap-ui-bootstrap" src="resources/sap-ui-core.js" data-sap-ui-resourceroots='{
> 				"luigi.ui5-demoapp": "./"
> 			}' data-sap-ui-oninit="module:sap/ui/core/ComponentSupport" data-sap-ui-compatVersion="edge"
> 		data-sap-ui-async="true" data-sap-ui-frameOptions="allow" data-sap-ui-theme="sap_horizon"
> 		data-sap-ui-xx-waitForTheme="true" data-sap-ui-xx-supportedLanguages="en,de">
> 		</script>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Include the following in your `index.html` file in order to add `ComponentSupport` and allow `data-sap-ui-frameOptions`:
```javascript
<script id="sap-ui-bootstrap" src="resources/sap-ui-core.js" data-sap-ui-resourceroots='{
				"luigi.ui5-demoapp": "./"
			}' data-sap-ui-oninit="module:sap/ui/core/ComponentSupport" data-sap-ui-compatVersion="edge"
		data-sap-ui-async="true" data-sap-ui-frameOptions="allow" data-sap-ui-theme="sap_horizon"
		data-sap-ui-xx-waitForTheme="true" data-sap-ui-xx-supportedLanguages="en,de">
</script>

2. Install the library either by using [npm](#installing-via-npm) (this option requires [UI5 Tooling](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/stable/)), or [manually](#installing-manually).
```

```
### Installing via npm
​
1. Import the library in your `package.json` file:
```javascript
npm install @luigi-project/client-support-ui5
```

> 2. If your project is not set up for use with the [UI5 Tooling](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/stable/) yet, you need to install it. It is required to consume the ui5-support-lib.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. If your project is not set up for use with the [UI5 Tooling](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/stable/) yet, you need to install it. It is required to consume the Luigi Client UI5 Support Library.
```

​

> 3. In the last step you need to register the library in your `Component.js` file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. In the last step, you need to register the library in your `Component.js` file.
```

Using UI5 tooling:
```javascript
sap.ui.define([
	"sap/ui/core/UIComponent",
    ....
	"@luigi-project/client-support-ui5/ui5-support-lib",
], function (UIComponent,...., Ui5SupportLib) {
    return UIComponent.extend("com.sap.luigiclient.Component", {
		....
		init: function () {
			.....			
			// connect client-support-ui5 lib to the application
			Ui5SupportLib.connectTo(this);
            
            this.LuigiClient = Ui5SupportLib.LuigiClient;
​
			this.getRouter().initialize();
		},
```

> ### Installing the lib manually
> 
> 1. Create a `lib` folder under the `webapp` directory and put the `luigi-client.js` and `ui5-support-lib.js` into it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Installing manually

1. Create a `lib` folder under the `webapp` directory and put the [luigi-client.js](../../../client/src/luigi-client.js) and [ui5-support-lib.js](ui5-support-lib.js) files into it.
```
I think it's better to have links to the specific files. (I'm not 100% sure if these are the files you mean though.)

Author: Good point 👍 
I changed the link and point it to npmjs because we need the bundled versions.

> 2. Use the [shim mechanism](https://openui5.hana.ondemand.com/#/api/sap.ui.loader/methods/sap.ui.loader.config) to make the luigi client available in your ui5 application (especially the ui5-support-lib consumes the luigi-client via the name `@luigi-project/client/luigi-client`) using the `sap.ui.loader.config`. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Use the [shim mechanism](https://openui5.hana.ondemand.com/#/api/sap.ui.loader/methods/sap.ui.loader.config) to make Luigi Client available in your UI5 application using `sap.ui.loader.config` (the Luigi Client UI5 Support Library consumes Luigi Client via the name `@luigi-project/client/luigi-client`): 
```

```javascript
sap.ui.loader.config({
	// provide dependency and export metadata for non-UI5 modules
	paths: {
		"@luigi-project/client/luigi-client": "lib/luigi-client/luigi-client"
	},
    shim:{
        "@luigi-project/client/luigi-client": {
            amd: false,
            exports: 'LuigiClient'
        }
    }
});
sap.ui.define([
	"sap/ui/core/UIComponent",
	...
	"./lib/LuigiUI5SupportLib"
], function (UIComponent, ..., LuigiUI5SupportLib) {
	"use strict";
    return UIComponent.extend("com.sap.luigiclient.Component", {
		....
		init: function () {
			.....			
			// connect client-support-ui5 lib to the application
			Ui5SupportLib.connectTo(this);
            
            this.LuigiClient = Ui5SupportLib.LuigiClient;
​
			this.getRouter().initialize();
		},
```

> In addition, the LuigiClient API is available through the ui5 support lib. LuigiClient can be used in a controller like:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In addition, the [Luigi Client API](https://docs.luigi-project.io/docs/luigi-client-api) is available through the Luigi Client UI5 Support Library. Luigi Client can be used in a controller in this way:
```
